Be a bit more explicit about persisted state (#33996)
dotnet/docs: docs/orleans/grains/grain-lifecycle.md

}
```

- `First`: First stage in a grain's lifecycle.

> - `SetupState`: Setup grain state, before activation. For stateful grains, this is the stage where <xref:Orleans.Core.IStorage%601.State?displayProperty=nameWithType> is loaded from storage, when <xref:Orleans.Core.IStorage.RecordExists?displayProperty=nameWithType> return `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SetupState`: Setup grain state, before activation. For stateful grains, this is the stage where <xref:Orleans.Core.IStorage%601.State?displayProperty=nameWithType> is loaded from storage, when <xref:Orleans.Core.IStorage.RecordExists?displayProperty=nameWithType> is `true`.
```

- `Activate`: Stage where <xref:Orleans.Grain.OnActivateAsync%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> and <xref:Orleans.Grain.OnDeactivateAsync%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> are called.
- `Last`: Last stage in a grain's lifecycle.

While the grain lifecycle will be used during grain activation, since grains are not always deactivated during some error cases (such as silo crashes), applications should not rely on the grain lifecycle always being executed during grain deactivations.

## Grain lifecycle participation

Application logic can participate with a grain's lifecycle in two ways:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD044 -->
:::zone target="docs" pivot="orleans-7-0"
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD044 -->

> 1. The grain can participate in its lifecycle (and/or)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The grain can participate in its lifecycle.
```

> 1. Components can access the lifecycle via the grain activation context (see <xref:Orleans.Runtime.IGrainContext.ObservableLifecycle?displayProperty=nameWithType>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Components can access the lifecycle via the grain activation context (see <xref:Orleans.Runtime.IGrainContext.ObservableLifecycle?displayProperty=nameWithType>).
```

:::zone-end

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD044 -->
:::zone target="docs" pivot="orleans-3-x"
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD044 -->

> 1. The grain can participate in its lifecycle (and/or)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The grain can participate in its lifecycle.
```

> 1. Components can access the lifecycle via the grain activation context (see <xref:Orleans.Runtime.IGrainActivationContext.ObservableLifecycle%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Components can access the lifecycle via the grain activation context (see <xref:Orleans.Runtime.IGrainActivationContext.ObservableLifecycle%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>).
```

In the above example, <xref:Orleans.Grain%601> overrides the <xref:Orleans.Grain.Participate%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method to tell the lifecycle to call its `OnSetupState` method during the <xref:Orleans.Runtime.GrainLifecycleStage.SetupState?displayProperty=nameWithType> stage of the lifecycle.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD044 -->
:::zone target="docs" pivot="orleans-7-0"
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD044 -->

> Components created during a grain's construction can take part in the lifecycle as well, without any special grain logic being added. Since the grain's context (<xref:Orleans.Runtime.IGrainContext>), including the grain's lifecycle (<xref:Orleans.Runtime.IGrainContext.ObservableLifecycle?displayProperty=nameWithType>), is created before the grain is created, any component injected into the grain by the container can participate in the grain's lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components created during a grain's construction can take part in the lifecycle as well, without the addition of any special grain logic. Since the grain's context (<xref:Orleans.Runtime.IGrainContext>), including the grain's lifecycle (<xref:Orleans.Runtime.IGrainContext.ObservableLifecycle?displayProperty=nameWithType>), is created before the grain is created, any component injected into the grain by the container can participate in the grain's lifecycle.
```
